v0.4.1 release (#45)
nerves-project/nerves_pack: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## v0.4.1

Removes automatic `mdns_lite` setup and shifts this project to be dependency
and documentation driven as an example of basic Nerves project setup.

* Fixes

>   * Fixes a dependency ordering issue for Elixir 1.11. See https://github.com/erlang/otp/pull/2675

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Fixes a dependency ordering issue for Elixir 1.11. See https://github.com/nerves-project/nerves_pack/pull/42.
```

I feel slightly bad pointing to Erlang when the issue is a "won't fix" in Elixir since it breaks umbrella apps. Pointing to the Nerves Pack PR seems best.
